
Testimonials


Ask our Patients...

“The hands on personal attention you gave to my back issues have completely removed the pain.  I can routinely perform gardening and sports activities without fear of reoccurring pain.  Not only did you make the adjustments but you helped me understand the root cause of the problem and the exercise that would make my back strong.  I’m performing the exercises daily and can feel my back getting stronger and stronger.  There is no question that it is working.  I no longer wake up at 4am with pain.  Thank you for your knowledge, hands on therapy and genuine desire to correct my problem.  You also have great teammates in Kelley and Bonnie.  I saw Kelley one time during my visits and she shares your same skill level and dedication and Bonnie was always a joy to see and eager to work appointments to fit my schedule.”   ~Dave H.
“P.S. I had therapy with two other therapists during the previous two years.  I never understood the cause and never experienced total relief.  Thanks to you I now have a better  understanding and feel great!”

“Mary Beth is one of the few physical therapists that is just as remarkable treating chronic pain as she is providing rehabilitation after surgery.   After separate surgeries on my back and my knee, she was able to help me regain my strength and mobility back to normal.  Friends who have had similar surgeries have been amazed at my recovery compared to theirs.  And in working with me to relieve chronic pain in my shoulder and back, she has taught me many exercises and techniques that not only relieve the current pain, but help me avoid future problems as well.  Her natural instincts, experience, and ability to narrow down the real source of a problem make her one of the best physical therapists you will find.”   ~Darlene H.

“I wanted to say a big thank you to the staff at Total Body Rehab and especially Kelley.  Her knowledge combined with her skills and ability to analyze the cause of the problem has gotten me where I am today.  Kelley has helped me get back to an active lifestyle and has shown me exercises to do on my own to make sure I stay injury free into the future. During my time at Total Body Rehab I had complete confidence in Kelley’s course of treatment. At Total Body Rehab, you’re not just a number. From walking in the door and being greeted by Bonnie’s warm smile to Kelley always taking her time with me, it was apparent Total Body Rehab truly cared about my progress and getting me back to the activities I so dearly missed. Odd as it may sound, Kelley’s positive attitude, approachable disposition and energy made me look forward to my sessions.  I will greatly miss my interactions with the Total Body Rehab family.  They are what every medical practice should strive to be--customer driven with a focus on results and customer satisfaction.  My experience with Total Body Rehab was far beyond my expectations.”   ~Dany L.


“Friends kept telling me that Mary Beth is ‘the best’ and I should go see her.  Then one of my doctors also told me she was the best and referred me to her for head, neck and TMJ pain.  She really IS the best!!!  Every week she not only worked hard to find the areas that caused pain but relieved that pain AND taught me ways to relieve the pain (or lessen it) on my own.  I can’t imagine ever going to another therapist again.  I feel so, so much better than the 1st day I came in!”   ~Lisa B.


“After 40+ years of pain my TMJ is more manageable and isn’t a constant “burr in my side”. I have been given useful exercises, which work, and find that there are definitely more good days than bad. Thank you, Kelley, for your patience and guidance. Of the many PTs I’ve seen, you’ve been the best. Great seeing your smiling face when I walked in, Bonnie. Thank You. ~Pam M.

"Mary Beth provides a perfect blend of deep muscle massage, and stretching/strengthening. She is amazingly good at identifying the root causes of pains and restrictions in movement - especially with the very complicated shoulder issues I had. An orthopedic surgeon told me I had 2 choices: surgery, or 'live with it'. TBR was a much better alternative than either of these! Thanks!"   ~Tom R.

“I had serious problems when I started my rehab from a total knee replacement.  My progress was stalled from pulmonary embolisms after surgery, as well as a lifetime of bad habits resulting from knee pain.  Kelley took the time to look at the root causes of my problems and addressed my situation in a holistic manner.  She addressed my posture, hips, legs and feet.  She spent the time to work through my issues, and she is very knowledgeable about how to treat them.  I am much better than I was when I started and I credit Kelley’s knowledge and caring for much of my recovery.”  ~Mike J.

“The physical therapists at Total Body Rehab are consummate professionals in every sense of the word. May Beth Klemm brings her years of experience, caring demeanor, and expert skills to every session. Her knowledge and understanding of the human body, and its interconnectedness to the human mind, results in a total body approach to care and therapy. Mary Beth really cares about her patients, and takes the time necessary to understand each person’s situation...resulting in a holistic approach. I would not trust my physical therapy needs with anyone else! Thank you Total Body Rehab”. ~ Julie L.

“I have had a great experience at Total Body Rehab!  The office is cheery, and has a full display of orthotic products and Bonnie always greets you warmly.   I can’t say enough or give enough praise to Kelley Davis!  When I first started as a patient with Kelley, my range of motion in my shoulders and my jaws were limited.  Kelley is very professional, but a very warm person and she put me at ease with therapeutic treatments that were sometimes painful.  I feel so much better now and have been discharged as a regular patient.”   ~Janet S.

"I was very impressed with Mary Beth's ability to read my body and know just what was needed to help bring me into balance. Her holistic tool box of cranial sacral massage, Pilates and intuition are a huge compliment to her physical therapy work. I am so glad I found her!"   ~Ginny Y.

“After a Total Knee Replacement, I was nervous about a regime of physical therapy.  I am delighted to let everyone know that my experience at Total Body Rehab was great.  Kelley was terrific and my recovery was faster and better than we anticipated.  Thank you Kelley and Total Body Rehab!”   ~Sherrie J.

“I have made the rounds of physical therapy practices in the Triangle and have not achieved relief from neck and shoulder problems until working with Mary Beth.  I now am pain free and have stretches and exercises to maintain my improved health.  I highly recommend Total Body Rehab.”    ~Emily W.


“Kelley was amazing. She really helped my shoulder get back to normal after a car accident. I highly recommend Total Body Rehab to anyone who is needing PT.”
~ Susan H.

"Mary Beth has terrific insight and skill, and she wasted no time in addressing my problem. She enabled me to recover from my shoulder problem in record time. She took care to see that I had the necessary exercises to continue on my own to maintain good health. I was grateful for the professionalism of Total Body Rehab, and appreciate their helpfulness in working appointments around my complicated schedule."   ~Elizabeth T.

“I was in pain all the time.  Other PT treatment was only somewhat effective.  Kelley knew exactly what treatment I needed for my SI pain.  She has given me the tools to continue to remain pain free.  I recommend Kelley highly to anyone who needs some PT expertise.”     ~Martha W.

“Mary Beth is incredibly thorough, thoughtful, and insightful when it comes to my treatment.  She goes the extra mile by educating me as we go through various exercises and she has really empowered me to continue my rehab at home on my own.  She cares so deeply for her patients and is obviously passionate about her profession.  What would have been very painful therapy became much more enjoyable, thanks to Mary Beth!”   ~Danielle L.


“Since beginning treatments my headaches stopped. Have not had a headache in 3 months.  Thank you Kelley.”    ~Marla R.


“Mary Beth is in a category by herself!  She’s extremely knowledgeable, up-to-date on the latest advances, has the desire to help her patients improve, she thinks ‘out of the box’ when she needs to and she knows hat her talents have been bestowed on her from God.  She’s wonderful!”    Bonnie is friendly, efficient and caring.  They make a great team in a great clinic!”    ~Phyllis Y.



“Kelley has been great! She has done an outstanding job getting me back to where I need to be.  I am fairly active and have worked with Kelley a few times over the years.  I will not go see anyone else for PT.”     ~Jack W.



“Bonnie is an excellent, caring, attentive staff member as well! She was always willing to work with my schedule and was always prompt in returning calls.  She is a wonderful, pleasant person!”   ~Danielle L.


“Mary Beth has incredible knowledge about how the body works and the skill and persistence to go far beyond what I have experienced with other physical therapists. I am thrilled with the progress we made on solving a long term problem with my foot/leg/hip/pelvis. After many years of just addressing and soothing symptoms, I feel like my work with Mary Beth has helped my finally make a dent on the underlying problems.”    ~ Betty A.


“Mary Beth is a detective, a bulldog and a miracle worker all rolled into one.  I am much better off having spent a few weeks with her.”    ~Diana  L.


“Kelley is always spot on when addressing my various physical ailments.  She is very adept at identifying the issue, and providing corrective action and advice on how to heal and prevent injuries. The entire staff is great to work with.”
~Laurie R.


“I have been going to TBR for a couple of months now and I am so pleased with the care I have received from Mary Beth Klemm.  I am 41 years old and have never needed physical therapy until this year when I was in a car accident.  At first, I went to a different physical therapy facility to begin my treatment.  After 2 months of therapy there, I was not improving, and in some ways, feeling worse.  Then my doctor recommended I try Total Body Rehab and what a difference!   The time, attention, and effort that she put into my recovery was 100%.  After just several visits, I could already notice an improvement with my pain.  I have  now had successful completion to my treatments and I am so thrilled with the care that Mary Beth, as well as her office staff, has shown me.  TBR is as wonderful as my doctor told me, and I would whole-heartedly recommend her to anyone who is in need of physical therapy!”  ~Cheryl P.


“I first saw Kelley after three months of severe back pain.  Another physical therapist had told me it was a disc problem.  Kelley realized my hamstrings were tight, which was causing problems in my back.  I responded to therapy immediately, and am back to playing tennis, riding my bike and hiking again.  I’d recommend Kelley to anyone.  She’s fantastic.”    ~Chris G.


“When I started therapy at TBR, I could barely move; was in a lot of pain; and, my spirits were very low.  I thought I would never get back to my pre-injury days.  Mary Beth is truly a professional.  I am very impressed with her knowledge.  She was able to help me recover and educate me to prevent a relapse.  I am more aware of how my body works and able to make adjustments in movement to correct old and bad habits.  I have resumed my fitness regime, and have a new appreciation for what my body can do!  Thanks Mary Beth.”   ~Kelly P.


“Total Body Relief!”  ~ Ken M.


“I can’t imagine going anywhere else for PT services. When I came in I was dealing with almost daily pain and the improvement has been amazing! I also left with a plan on how to prevent future problems, Thanks Kelley”  ~Eilleen S


“Mary Beth knows the human body, how it works and how ti fix things that aren’t working.  She has proven to me more than once that she knows how to diagnose and treat inter-related problems.  I highly recommend her!”    ~Linda  J.


“This has been the best physical therapy experience I have ever experienced.  I was always greeted warmly at the door and found my care to be of the highest quality.  Should I need physical therapy in the future, I will definitely return to TBR.”    ~Don T.


“Mary Beth Klemm has terrific insight and skill, and wasted no time in addressing my problem.  She enabled me to recover from my shoulder problem in record time.  She took care to see that I had the necessary exercises to continue on my own to maintain good health.  I was grateful for the professionalism of Total Body Rehab, and appreciate their helpfulness in working appointments around my complicated schedule.”   ~Elizabeth T.


“I am amazed at how much better I feel after my sessions with Kelley.  Keeping your muscles healthy and aligned are just as important as keeping any other part of your body healthy.  This has helped me tremendously.”    ~Susan H.


“When I first came here I was in so much pain and felt like I couldn’t get better.  After months of coming to my appointments, I began to feel better and felt hopeful.  They were supportive and always gave me confidence that I needed.  Now I can say, I am back to normal and thank you Total Body Rehab for providing me with great care.  I highly recommend this practice.”   ~Ann H.


“The therapy I received here was just what I needed.  It gave me back my mobility, circulation, and a painfree life.  The staff was friendly, warm and professional.  I enjoyed my visits. And I know that I have been given the tools I need to prevent my issues from reoccurring.  Thank You!”  ~Shari F.


“Kelley is very knowledgeable and easy to work with.  I would recommend her to anyone.”   ~Donna S.


“Mary Beth is an excellent and creative physical therapist. The office atmosphere and Bonnie are very positive.  I made a great deal of progress at Total Body Rehab.”   
~Jerry N.


“TBR was excellent! Kelley was wonderful and very helpful. I had a marked difference in my knee after a few weeks. Bonnie was always very nice and welcoming.”   ~Blair M.


“My experience at Total Body Rehab was wonderful.  The staff was professional and very friendly.  Mary Beth relieved the tension in my shoulder first, then gradually worked with me to strengthen the weak back muscles that were causing my shoulder pain. The office was soothing and relaxing, yet had all the tools to strengthen where I needed it most.  She also taught me ho have better posture and to use and strengthen my core muscles.  I have no pain now and  I feel that I’ve learned a lot about correct posture and the appropriate way to build strength.”   ~Kelly P.


“Kelley’s awesome.  Always right on and always available to help me out, even with a phone call.  I’ll always come back to Kelley for any of my needs.  Thanks a bunch guys-You are Great!”    ~Brandy D.


“Awesome.  Mary Beth found my problem and worked with me til I could take care of myself.  I had suffered with low back pain for over a year and could not sit for long periods of time and I had to modify my daily activities to function.  Now I can carry out daily activities normally.”  ~Jill R.


“Total Body Rehab is GREAT!  Professional, knowledgeable, and they helped my pain!”  ~Mike L


“When I first came to Total Body Rehab, I had shoulder/arm/hand pain that made me want to cry when doing simple things like typing or cleaning a cat’s litter box. Mary Beth worked methodically through my pain to determine not only how to relieve the pain, but the root cause of the pain.  Mary Beth won’t give up until she finds the cause of your pain. She works so hard to make you feel better, giving an entire hour of therapy when friends of mine (going to another physical therapist) are getting only twenty minutes. I think Mary Beth is a miracle worker, and I can’t say enough good things about her and Total Body Rehab!” 
~Diane O.

Continuing Ed



